Hey everyone so we've reached the point where we're going to give you a very big challenge and that's
to combine everything that you know so far in the form of an end of section challenge.
So go ahead and open up the bottom hard from your resources attached to this particular lecture.
Pick your abilities from the ability.
Inspiration table.
I will show you that in a few moments assemble your heads up display all your hard and obviously we
want you to share it with us as well.
Now there are a couple of things that are optional in this challenge.
You can go ahead and edit out hard or make your own hard as well if you're feeling up to it or you can
go ahead and invent your own abilities if you've got an idea or you've already created a game like on
that you want to include no problems doing that.
And when you go ahead and share it make sure you don't tell us exactly what's going on there.
Be good to see where the people know what that button does by just looking at it or at least have a
good idea about it.
This is the sort of end goal that we're going for.
Here we've got the hard and underneath are a day my condes that we've brought in now you'd only dare
expand your game icons at all they will fit in at 32 by 32 in this particular hard then moving on to
the ability.
Inspiration list here is a list a short list.
And I'm sure you guys can come up with a lot more.
But this is a list that you can pick from in order to create your own game icons.
So go ahead pause every year now and create your own bottom hard.
Okay guys welcome back.
Let's go ahead.
I'm going to combine some of these here in order to create my bottom hard.
Okay so we're back over into guimpe here and leave first the unknowns ahead.
Go ahead and do is just go and open up my hard arse that we've got here.
That's fine.
I'm going to lever as my base item.
And I'm going to bring everything else into it.
Now you see in the PAC itself we've got a black or green or better red or I'm going to go ahead and
grab my green orb and my black orb.
Let's go ahead.
Oh not black red.
There you go.
So these I can simply click move over the top of my hard and drop them in.
And then of course I can move them in a few moments.
Grab the move to move the red one to one side and move the green one to another.
Looking good so far.
Now of course this doesn't have to be precise if you don't want it to be.
But what is important is that it's behind the hard rather than on top of.
And that looks much better you can see here how the HUD uses an alpha layer some transparency and highlights
to bring out this three dimensional effect.
And that's what's going on there.
Now we have a series of squares that of course would be great for a special ability.
Okay so in this first square in the left I do once myself a sword I think I'm going to put my sword
there some going to go ahead and open up a sword.
Now if my memory serves me correctly it was in the film challenge that I made my original sword.
Yes with the alferd out background and also the shield and going open the sordin Shield at the same
time.
Go ahead open.
And again I'm going to click and drag vose across and providing they are the right size which they are
perfect 32 why suit.
I'll be able to drag and drop them in and then of course I can move my sword and move my shield to the
appropriate location.
All of that swords actually gone bang in the right location.
I will be impressed.
I wasn't really looking and then zoom in and ashlar zooming in.
I'm using my trackpad at the moment would pinch and zooms as not to be overly accurate but does a job
there.
Course you can use the conge a scroll wheel with the control key as well to zoom in just to remind you
of that.
And it does zoom in wherever your cursor is an icon then just did just that so it fits in the square
nice and neatly.
Now of course with the transparency there we get to see the hard in the background which is very very
useful in that course.
Now I can zoom back out and have a look at how it's looking.
And remember control shift in J will just fill the available workspace with the image itself.
So off to a great start here and I'm going to go ahead now and fill in my other ones as well as create
a couple of new ones as well.
Okay so welcome back and I'm almost there.
I'm going to leave one slot free to demonstrate what's behind.
However what I have noticed is there on a couple of the things that I'm working on at the moment.
They're just a solid black background.
I've forgotten to move across the transparency so I'm going to go back to my source image up here and
remove the backgrounds that I have placed before.
Then what I should be able to do if I click on the right thing is move across an appropriate fireball
and then move it in.
And of course still a black background there.
I'll need to remove that from there and then we should be able to see the background underneath as well
so I can move out the way that down and then this one wherever it happens to be.
We can go ahead and delete it and there we go is gone.
The other thing of course I need to do to make sure I am aware of whatever thing is such as klayton
DRAG to move them across.
But they're not named appropriately so of course going ahead and naming them such that you know what
they are later on is very useful.
Now one of the things that I had in my collection was this sword is ever so slightly to this sword.
Ever so slightly different to that sword there simply because it's not a border around it so looks slightly
smaller but it also has a bit more detail in it.
You can see there's a mixture of colours and shades going across areas the gradient there and I feel
like VAT is actually more in keeping with everything else that's currently here a post of this sword
that's there someone a move that one out the way and then grab this sword and place it at the beginning.
Now of course I've clicked and dragged the move the wrong thing.
Undo will save me there and if I just drag it across I can place it in the right location.
There we go.
So there's that coming together really nicely.
I just need a few more things to finish off these bits here.
I'll be able to sort out and then of course we're all done and I'll see you back in a few moments.
Now just zooming in literally zooming into a health potion I've created here.
I did bring a across with its background turned on so I'd turn that off.
But also this one happened to have a border around it as well so I'm going to remove the border as well
and then move things across and into here.
Now of course this needs going in the right location and that will be near the top rather than near
the bottom.
And this one will need to disappear.
And that's the health potion being replaced now so I don't have to type and just kind of copy the name
then hit delete.
Come up to the top.
Place that name in and then just move it to the appropriate location on here.
That's also better because it's now not overwriting this orb on the side.
The final one is this obliterate that I've got here now.
I don't know whether it's going to work without a bought well border probably absolutely fine but without
that background because it's the background itself that really makes it stand out.
So let's try that.
This is a life demonstration.
What could possibly go wrong.
That might work over this dark area here so I'm going to make sure I've got my obliterate and will copy
the name the deletes and then move this back over the top.
Yeah that kind of personal got the orange tint it had before but it still works as an explosion.
Yet that's looking pretty good.
Excellent.
How do you guys get on.
I'd love to see your HUDs and how they're coming together.
Do remember to share over in the discussions.
Especially if you've gone ahead and created as you see some of the extra ones I've made a health potion
here I suppose you could call that healing.
But if you have done something that's different from what I can see in front of me now please do share
it with us.
Can't wait to see what you've been up to.
And of course as always I will see you guys in their necks really.